The benchmark data was generated using the code in the coco_benchmark_generation.ipynb notebook (additional info in the paper supplementary).

The first number (2/3/4) designates the number of categories being combined. i.e. for training combinations of 2 categories, use files starting with '2_'.

Description of the files:
- '2_cat_combinations' - contains the 1000 combinations of categories as a list. Each element in the list is a list of category ids, for example [1,2] for the combination ['person, car']
- '2_cat_combinations_zero_shot' - 250 combinations of unseen category combinations that are possible.
- '2_cat_combinations_impossible' - 250 combinations of unseen category combinations that are impossible in the dataset (e.g., toothbrush and giraffe). These 2 sets (zero shot and impossible) are used to test our model's ability to assign a feasibility score to a combination. A good model should assign a higher score to the unseen but possible combinations than it assigns to impossible combinations.
- '2_img_ids_per_cats_{train/test/val}' - precomputed list of image ids for each category combination. Takes the form of a dictionary where the key is the category combination in the form of a string "x_y" (category_id x combined with category_id y). The value associated with a key is a list of image ids in the respective train/test/val split that contain the specific combination of categories. Precomputed in order to save time during training and testing.
- '2_{test/val}_cases' - Dictionary containing the test cases for either the validation or test split. The key in the dict is a string which denotes the modalities that are combined for the specific test case. The value associated with a key is a list of test cases for that specific modality combination. For example, under the key 'image_text', are test cases where the first image id should be interpreted as an image and the second one as a text. There are 10000 test cases split equally amongst all possible modality combinations. Each test case contains the image ids to be combined and the categories that should be combined.
For example, if the image ids are [100, 200] and category ids are [1,2] and test 'image_image' combinations, we should feed our model the image patch containing category 1 in image 100 and the image patch containing category 2 in image 200. The image_ids obtained using the model are then compared with the image_ids found in '2_img_ids_per_cats_{train/test/val}' for the category combination [1,2].
- '2_{test/val}_cases_zero_shot' - Same structure as above. Contains test cases extracted from the 100 unseen combinations of categories. Too easy, not used in paper. For zero shot in the paper we used the files starting with '2_zs'. Those contain 100 category combinations for training and 500 unseen ones for testing.
- The files not containing '_zs_' in their name are used for the standard setting. 1000 combinations of classes seen during training. There are also 250 new combinations not seen during training for zero-shot scenarios, but we found this scenario to be too easy. We still use these for feasibility testing.
- The files containing '_zs_' in their name are used for the unseen combination setting in the paper. (100 combinations of classes seen during training and 500 new combinations for testing).

Switching between the setting with 1000 seen category combinations and the one with 100 seen category combinations is done by changing the file names (by adding or removing '_zs') in the functions 'load_test_queries', 'load_cat_combinations' and 'load_img_ids_per_cats' in the coco_dataset.py file (lines 88-98).  
